 Total No. of projects: 03
 No of project to complete: 03
 Title of the project 01: Movie Rating Prediction With Python
 Title of the project 02: IRIS Flower Classification
 Title of the project 03: Sales Prediction Using Python
  
 1.MOVIE RATING PREDICTION WTIH PYTHON
 dataset link : https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/adrianmcmahon/imdb-india-movies
 Dataset:01
 Every dataset has a story and this set is pulled from IMDb.com of all the Indian movies on the platform.
 Clean this data by removing missing values or adding average values this process will help to manipulate the
 data to help with your EDA

 2.I RIS FLOWER CLASSIFICATION
 dataset link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arshid/iris-flower-dataset
 Dataset:02
 The Iris flower data set is a multivariate data set introduced by the British statistician and biologist Ronald Fisher in his 1936 paper
 The Use of multiple measurements in Taxonomic Problems. It is sometimes called Anderson's Iris data set because Edgar Anderson
 collected the data to quantify the morphologic variation of Iris flowers of three related species. The data set consists of 50 samples
 from each of three species of Iris (Iris setosa, Iris virginica, and Iris versicolor). Four features were measured from each sample: the
 l ength and the width of the sepals and petals, in centimeters.
 This dataset became a typical test case for many statistical classification techniques in machine learning such as support vector
 machines.

 3.SALES PREDICTION USING PYTHON
 dataset link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/amritmth/sales-prediction-using-python
 Dataset:03
 Sales prediction with Python enables businesses to forecast future sales based on factors like advertising expenses, customer segmentation,
 and marketing platforms. Leveraging machine learning techniques, companies can analyze historical data, build predictive models, 
 and make data-driven decisions to optimize marketing strategies, allocate resources efficiently, and maximize revenue potential.
 By continuously updating the models with new data, businesses can adapt to market dynamics and achieve better performance in a competitive environment.
